Once upon a time there was a family of bears who lived in a cute little house in the woods. Papa Bear was very big, Mama Bear was medium-sized, and Little Bear was small.

One morning, Mama Bear served the most delicious oatmeal for breakfast, but since she was too hot to eat, the three bears decided to go for a walk in the woods while she cooled down. After a few minutes, a girl named Goldilocks came to the bear house and knocked on the door. Finding no answer, she opened the door and entered the house without permission.

In the kitchen there was a table with three cups of oatmeal: one large, one medium and one small. Goldilocks had a big appetite and the oatmeal looked delicious. First, she tried the big cup oatmeal, but the oatmeal was too cold and she didn't like it. Then she tried the oatmeal from the medium cup, but the oatmeal was too hot and she didn't like it either. Lastly, she tried the small cup oatmeal and this time the oatmeal was neither hot nor cold, it was perfect! The oatmeal was so delicious that she ate it all without leaving a bit.

After eating the bears' breakfast, Goldilocks went into the living room. There were three chairs in the room: one large, one medium, and one small. First, she sat in the big chair, but the chair was too high and she didn't like it. Then she sat in the middle chair, but the chair was too wide and she didn't like it either. It was then that she found the small chair and sat on it, but the chair was flimsy and broke under her weight.

Looking for a place to rest, Goldilocks went up the stairs, at the end of the corridor there was a room with three beds: one large, one medium and one small. First, she climbed onto the big bed, but she was too hard and she didn't like it. Afterward, she climbed onto the medium bed, but she was too soft and she didn't like it either. So, she lay down on the small bed, the bed was neither too hard nor too soft. In fact, she felt perfect! Goldilocks fell into a deep sleep.

Before long, the three bears returned from their walk in the woods. Papa Bear immediately noticed that the door was open:

"Someone has entered our house without permission, he sat in my chair and tasted my oatmeal," said Papa Bear in a big angry voice.

"Someone sat in my chair and tasted my oatmeal," said Mama Bear in a slightly angry voice.

Then, said Little Bear in his small voice:

“Someone ate all my oatmeal and broke my chair.

The three bears climbed the ladder. Entering the room, Papa Bear said:

"Someone has slept in my bed!"

And Mama Bear exclaimed:

"Someone has slept in my bed too!"

And Little Bear said:

"Someone is sleeping in my bed!" And she began to cry uncontrollably.

Little Bear's crying woke up Goldilocks, who very scared jumped out of bed and ran downstairs until she reached the forest, never to return to the bear house.