Once upon a time there was a beautiful young woman who lived with her stepmother and two stepsisters who forced her to do all the housework. The poor girl had to cook, clean and wash their clothes too.

Tired of working, the young woman fell asleep near the fireplace and when she got up with her face dirty with ashes, her stepsisters laughed nonstop and from then on they began to call her Cinderella.

One day an invitation from the king to a ball to celebrate the prince's birthday arrived at the house. All the girls of the kingdom were invited and Cinderella was very happy. However, when the day of the party came, her stepmother and her stepsisters told her:

—Cinderella, you will not go, you will stay at home cleaning and preparing dinner for when we return.

The three women left for the palace, taunting Cinderella.

Cinderella ran into the garden and sat on a bench crying. She wished with all her heart that she could go to the dance. Suddenly, her fairy godmother appeared and said:

—Don't cry, Cinderella, you've been very good and you deserve to go to the ball.

Waving her magic wand, the fairy godmother transformed a pumpkin into a coach, three field mice into beautiful horses, and an old dog into a coachman. Cinderella couldn't believe her eyes!

- Thank you very much! Cinderella exclaimed.

"Wait, I'm not done yet," the fairy godmother replied with a smile.

With the last flick of her magic wand, she transformed Cinderella. She gave him a dress and a pair of glass slippers, and said:

—Now you can go to the dance, just remember that you must return before midnight since at that time the magic will end.

Cinderella thanked the fairy godmother again and, very happy, she went to the palace. When she entered, the attendees, including her stepsisters, couldn't stop wondering who this beautiful princess could be.

The prince, as intrigued as the others, invited her to dance. After dancing the night away, he discovered that Cinderella was not only the most beautiful girl in the kingdom, but also the kindest and most sincere he had ever met.

Suddenly, the chimes of the clock were heard, it was midnight. Cinderella was having so much fun that she almost forgot the fairy godmother's words.

"Oh no! I must go," she told the prince as he ran out of the ballroom. She left so fast that she lost one of her glass slippers on the steps.

Determined to find the beautiful girl, the prince took the slipper and visited every house in the kingdom.

When the prince arrived at Cinderella's house, her two sisters and even her stepmother tried on her glass slipper without luck. He was about to leave when he heard a voice:

"Can I try on the slipper?" said Cinderella.

The young woman tried on the shoe and it fit her perfectly. The prince knew that this was the beautiful young woman he was looking for. This is how Cinderella and the prince got married and lived happily ever after.